README.md, before:

# Boomtown 🏙

##Project 1: Boomtowm
##Description:
* For the First Part of the BoomTown Project we use a boiler plate "https://github.com/redacademy/boomtown-starter"
* We connect our express server to out postgresQL database and made some graphQL queries and mutation.
* This Project is about an app which allow you to share your post, and borrow other people's post.


## Server

Commands must be run from the `server` directory:

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Run

```bash
npm run start:dev
```

### Tests

Just linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

Run linting, and fix any errors:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

Run Jest tests:

```
npm run jest
```

Run Jest tests, and watch for changes:

```bash
npm run jest:watch
```

Run all tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

## Client

Commands must be run from the `client` directory:

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Run

```bash
npm start
```

### Build

```bash
npm run build
```

### Tests

Just linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

Run linting, and fix any errors:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

Run all tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

Commit message:

Update Readme file and add items queries

README.md, after:

# Boomtown 🏙

##Project 1: Boomtowm
##Description:

- This Project is about an app which allow you to share your post, and borrow other people's post.

## How to Clone and Run BoomTown

git clone https://github.com/phinchik/boomtown
cd boomtown
npm install
npm start

## Author

Jenny Gutierrez

## Technologies Used

PostgresQL
Postico
GraphQl
Node.js
Express
React
Redux

## Server

Commands must be run from the `server` directory:

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Run

```bash
npm run start:dev
```

### Tests

Just linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

Run linting, and fix any errors:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

Run Jest tests:

```
npm run jest
```

Run Jest tests, and watch for changes:

```bash
npm run jest:watch
```

Run all tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

## Client

Commands must be run from the `client` directory:

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Run

```bash
npm start
```

### Build

```bash
npm run build
```

### Tests

Just linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

Run linting, and fix any errors:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

Run all tests:

```bash
npm run test
```
